The Joe Rogan experience.
So tell me what the training's been like. What,
what was the first day you started to have a main training? <laugh>.
<Laugh> I would tell you, like, I was having anxiety for about a week.
I couldn't sleep really.
I couldn't really eat because I had signed a contract with the PFL,
but I didn't have a plan. And it was, was bothering me. You was like, what the?
You know? So I'm like, okay, where I'm gonna train at? Who am I train with?
When do I start getting ready? Like.
Was it a conversation with John Jones that brought you to Jackson? Michael,
John?
Um, I was actually gonna reach out to them,
but thank God they reached out to me. Oh, perfect. Oh, thank you. Jesus.
<laugh>. Cause it was like,
I was already had hit up John mm-hmm <affirmative> up on, um,
on Instagram and he was being all busy and stuff and he didn't get back with me
until I landed in Albuquerque. He was like, yo, you're coming to Albuquerque.
He like, yeah, I'm gonna push you up in a hotel. I'm let you drive my car.
And I'm like, dude, thanks.
But it would've been great to hear if you like last week <laugh>, you know,
but he end up helping yell with that. And um,
I trained him for about like a good two or three weeks and, and, uh,
Johnny bones there the first week, like watching, uh,
kind of scoping a little bit. And it was like,
we just figured out that we were twins and that was the best thing ever,
because he's a hard worker, he's smart, he's strategic.
And we believe in hard work. And he started drilling me like, like,
like the coaches would just sit on the side and just watch us for three,
four hours. And they would see like I'm full of energy. I'm like, let's go.
What else you got? And you know, he was teaching me stuff and uh,
coach wink would come in a little bit. Sometime coach Jackson would come in,
but sometime it would just me and Johnny and they would be just kind of just
looking at greatness from the outside. And they would never give me any, any,
um, you know, crap after. But like my,
like my first day going to the Jackson wing gym,
I looked at the cages and stuff and I was walking to the gym to the cage and I
thought to myself, I was like, what the am I doing.
Here? When was the first day you grappled?
First day, first day, first day.
And that's the thing I thought I said that in my head, I'm like, Jesus,
what am I doing here? <laugh> and I said it out loud. And then Misha,
who works with Jackson? When you gym, he looked at me, he's like,
Clarissa's gonna be okay. And I was like, what? And he was like, you just said,
Jesus, what are you doing here? I'm like, oh, I'm so outta my mind.
I thought I said it in like, I'm not even, I'm not even,
I'm not even saying right now. <laugh> so that's hilarious.
I'm like, I'm like, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just so like, right. I'm, you know,
just nervous new thing. And they were like, um, I think coach Jackson asked me,
he said, uh, what are you most worried about? And I'm like,
I'm not worried about the strike and the punching or the kicking.
I'm not worried about that. I'm like,
I'm just worried about being on the ground and not knowing how to get up,
like right. I've been having nightmares about this. And all of a sudden,
he just was like, all right, get on your back. Like what <laugh> that sounds.
Like.
Greg, he like, we're, that's what we're gonna start with. And then he, like,
we're gonna strengthen your weaknesses and also, um,
make it to where you can put everything together to where it's you.
And ever since that day, I've just been super comfortable. I think I had one,
one training in just where I was like, this was so hard today.
But then when we did the same thing, like the next day,
and I was way better and comfortable at it,
it's just like being on my back and having to fight off my back. It just,
it's just not what boxers do. Right. You know? So it was like,
it was uncomfortable, but we had been doing different stuff on our back,
but then just this one drill was like, oh man, this is stressful. You know,
I didn't feel like that. What.
Was it like defending against ground strikes? Like when you're on,
like when you're on your back and someone's hitting you. Well.
That's the thing was that weird. We had,
he taught me what the defense was and he said,
and you worried about somebody hitting you in the face,
but you gotta realize that they gotta,
they gotta make it past your feet to then get you to the face.
So it's like a lot of leg action really is. And a lot of, uh, shrimps,
a lot of, um, just keeping your feet there, keeping your hands up, being,
being defensive and knowing what to do when,
when they do get past your feet or like, or like what to do.
So that's my thing of like, I'm not worried about it happening.
I just wanna know what to do when it, when it, when it does happen. Right. I,
I wanna have a game plan for everything.
And when they understood that they were like, you know,
you're a very smart fighter and they start teaching me.
And I learned stuff really, really fast.
I don't know because I'm younger or because I'm smart, but, well.
You're the lead athlete. I mean, you understand your body at a very,
very high level. That's I think,
like I said earlier about whatever you want to do in life.
If you become an elite boxer, like you have two time Olympic gold medalist,
I think you could do anything. It's just a matter of,
if you put the same drive and focus and dedication that you've done to boxing,
you could apply that to anything. Whether it's,
you wanna become a dedicated grappler.
I think you could be a world class grappl grappler a hundred percent.
You just have to dedicate yourself time. Yeah.
Exactly. And that's what I'm gonna do. And I'm trying to,
I think I'm supposed to fight in boxing again, like September, maybe December.
So this time I have here from April to September,
December is really gonna be focused on MMA.
So I'm putting in putting a putting in a time for it,
but then it's still just like this. Just gotta see how much I can consume.
Cause some to some days they teach me so much. And when I, when I'm like,
oh my God, like, like my brain is tired from thinking about all this,
but I learn it. And once I learn it, I get it.
And I take so many notes in my phone. Yeah.
And I got videos of stuff that I have in my phone. So when I'm at home,
I can do some of the training and do some of the just so I can just keep it in
my mind and keep it refreshed because I understand how important repetitiveness
is. Like it's super important.
Yeah. It is. It's everything. And when you are,
when you're training for ground fighting,
do you ever think of yourself as maybe competing in a wrestling tournament or a
jujitsu tournament or something like that someday? Nope.
I, I don't look at that because coach tu who's my MMA coach,
MMA Jisu coach and coach Jackson and coach win.
They said the best MMA fighters are the ones who don't,
how to mix everything up together.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so sometime you go into just wrestling and you start
getting into wrestling mode and then you do Jisu when you start doing Jisu,
he's like,
it's you wanna know how to punch and throw your kicks
and punch and be defensive and everything together and do do Jisu stuff all with
the MMA style, which I feel like was super smart.
And I only can say this stuff because I asked them the same thing. Like,
I think I'm so competitive that when I found out about like the color of the
belts and just so I'm like, oh, I gotta be a black belt. <laugh> right.
And they're like, mm, not so fast.
Like we wanna teach you to Jisu and you to learn it, but you're not gonna learn,
like the regular person will learn it.
You'll learn it strictly for MMA mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And so you're is learning that it's like, once you get more
profound in MMA and you learn how to mix stuff up and you have enough to just
sort of get you to high, when you're against high level fighters who know this,
then we can start getting you more experience. And just,
but right now we want you just to do it, just to learn it with MMA style.
Do you remember the first time you tapped somebody out?
Me? Yeah. I.
Haven't. You never tapped anybody out mm-hmm no. No.
So do you do just playing jujitsu sparring? Do you roll?
Yeah. I, I, I, I do rolling with coach Tusa,
which some days its fun and some days it is not cuz he's,
you know,
he's a black belt I think with like stripes and stuff and I mean,
he doesn't take it easy, you know, he's super like I hate being grabbed.
So my main thing is like, oh, you grabbed me. Get off me. <laugh> right, right.
And he's like, no, you wanna do stuff that can advance your movement.
How could you get in a position to where you're winning?
And at first my mind was completely defensive, which I'm super,
super relaxed at getting people off me. Like you grabbed me. Okay.
He touched me here. Oh, he touched me here. Okay. Let get back here.
I'm on the ground. He showed me this let's work on that. But um, oh,
I see an arm bar. Lemme try to grab it, you know,
just being mm-hmm <affirmative> like that. But at first I was super defensive.
Now I'm like kind of offensive with it.
And when we're trying to do the whole logistic thing, I'm like, man,
it's still hard. It's a whole different level of breathing. Um,
just five minutes compared to two minutes that I do on boxing. Right.
Even though I spar three minutes,
but still three minutes compared to five way different. But um,
just getting that cardio up there and um, having to do like the wrestling stuff.
It's not, it's not easy by far, but it's fun.
Some days it's fun and some days I'm like, man,
I can't wait till this hour and two hours that we gonna get the hell outta here.
<Laugh> so are you doing any live jujitsu roles with other people other than
the coach or are you just doing it only with the coach right now?
Uh, I've done some kickboxing sparring with other fighters.
I haven't done anything jujitsu yet. Um, but that's because of the timing too.
Like once we were really starting to get into it,
I had on boxing magic schedule and that was to me.
I had to make that be more important than may at the time.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while you using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Jo a good experience.